You all doin’ alright? You ok? I’m not screamin at ya, I’m just askin you a question. Y’all givin’ me a clap. A yes is fine (laughing) ok? (voice from audience “I love that song”) Thank you. Praise God. I tell you, I know everybody’s in the same mess. I’m telling you. We all are. I know that, you know, and I’m just, you know, I’ll be the first to tell you, you know, I’m a mess and God is dealing with me everyday. And everyday I’m trying, you know, how I can be less of a mess. Cuz you know, he showed me, Look Lauryn, you know, You’re the problem, ok, I’m going to show you how you’re causing the problem, and now I want you to be the solution. And that’s what all of these songs are about, just, problem, cause and solution. Free your mind. It’s like, we all think that the gospel is join and church building, and that’s deception, you know. The real gospel is Repent, which means ‘let go of all that crap,’ that’s killin’ ya. Life was supposed to be a pleasurable experience, not this torment, you know. And when I realized that I was tormenting myself, it was about my lust. It wasn’t about things that I needed it was just, you know, all these security blankets. I mean, the more I acquired I became more of a prisoner. I mean, you know, forty people on staff, and you can’t do nothing, and now creativity is impossible because all you can think about is all these folks that you know, you’re supporting and carryin’ and you know, it’s not good. You know, everybody…a friend of mine says that every tub has to stand on it’s own bottom, you know. And in that respect, we all get to do what our passion is. See that’s what praisin God is all about, is doing your passion. You know, it’s not useless, worthless ritual, you know, monotonous ritual, where we just show up and can’t wait to see the game, you know. It’s doing your passion and fulfilling your passion. You know. That’s how we’re thankful. That’s how we say we appreciate the opportunity to be alive. And I’m just glad that I, you know, I don’t have to slave anymore. You know, cuz I, music was my love, and because of everything I thought had to accompany my music it became my burden. It just got stolen from me. I said, What is this? How did this thing that I love so much so easily and so quickly turn to something I loath and hate? And so now, you know, I understand that it was because I was measuring myself or trying to compare myself to a standard that wasn’t reality. It wasn’t the standard at all, you know. There’s a scripture in the Bible that we, what does it say, it says ‘We compare ourselves amongst ourselves’ you know. That’s not the standard. You already are the standard. What are you trying to fit into a standard for? We were each created to be individual standards, you know. And we’re trying to fit into a standard? It doesn’t make any sense, you know. So now I’m just, you know, after all that, I’m just ready to be me. And it’s a lot to work through, you know, because all of us have hidden in these little boxes purposely, because of parts of ourselves that we were unhappy about. And it’s because we didn’t understand, you know, because there’s all this social doctrine that says, you know, that the infinite God, with all this expression, who created every single one of us, absolutely different, on purpose, wants everybody to fit into the same suit. But like, you know, that’s deception. That’s deception.

(Talking to someone offstage) Ok, let me just, I think this is the wrong one (laughing) I don’t think this is the right one.

...

******* This Lyrics is NOT for Commercial use *******