(spoken) (takes a sip of liquid and swallows) So there’s this woman, and she was um… (clears his throat) …on an airplane, and she’s flying to meet her fiancé, sailing high above the – (swallows) – the largest ocean on planet earth, and she was seated next to this man who, er, you know, she had tried to start a conversation…and, only – really the only thing she’d heard him say was – just to order – his…his Bloody Mary, and…and she’s sittin’ there, and she’s readin’ this…really arduous magazine article about…a third world country that…she couldn’t…even pronounce the - the name of, and…she’s feeling…very bored, and…very…despondent, ‘n…(takes another sip of liquid and swallows) And then, uh… (turns away from the microphone and presumably places the glass of liquid down on a surface behind him) …suddenly… (turns back to the microphone) …there was this huge mechanical failure and – one of the – the engines gave out… (swallows) …and they started just ffffalling – an’…thirty thousand feet, the, uh…pilot’s on the… (inhales) …on the microphone and he’s – (swallows) he’s saying um, ‿I’m sorry, I’m sorry, oh my god, I’m…I’m sorry,‿ and apologizing and… (inhales) …and she looks at that man, and she - and she says… (begins playing the guitar) …she says wh - she says, "Where are we going?‿…and uh…an’ he looks at her…and he says, "We’re going to a party…it - it’s a birthday party…it’s your birthday party, happy birthday, darling. We love you very, very, very, very, very, very, very much.‿ And then um, he starts hummin’ this little tune, and… (inhales) …and, uh, it kinda goes like this, it’s kinda…one, two, one, two, three, four: (end of spoken portion)

We must talk in every telephone, get eaten off the web
We must rip out all the epilogues from the books that we have read
And in the face of every criminal strapped firmly to a chair
We must stare, we must stare, we must stare

We must take all of the medicines too expensive now to sell
Set fire to the preacher who is promising us hell
And in the ear of every anarchist that sleeps but doesn't dream
We must sing, we must sing, we must sing

And it'll go like this, all right:

...

******* This Lyrics is NOT for Commercial use *******