So, now you know why I can't be the president of the United States because... I would snap like this eighteen times a day. Right from the first get-go in the morning. "Mr. President..." "WHAT?! Get Air Force One, I wanna blow some shit up. And get Harrison Ford, put him on the plane. I'm gonna beat him up, I'm pissed off at him." When I'm president, boy things are gonna change. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, things are gonna change when I'm the president of the United States. Yep. My domestic policy? Fuck you. My foreign policy? FUUUUCK YOU!

I'll tell you somethin' else: when I'm president of the United States, all you assholes who ride bikes in the city, LOCK AND LOAD, okay? You're goin' down. Yeah, what the FUCK are you people thinkin' about, huh? You wanna ride a bike in the city, move to China. Go ahead. Eat some rice for the rest of your life. Are you fucking insane ridin' a bike around in the middle of Manhattan traffic, huh? There's no speed limit in New York, have you noticed that? Have you ever seen a speed limit sign in Manhattan? No, they don't exist! Red lights here mean "Stop if you want to." Last guy who got speeding ticket in Manhattan was the guy who crashed his plane into the Empire State Building back in 1937; wake the fuck up and smell the maple nut crunch!

They drive me fucking NUTS! Have you ever had that experience, where you're getting out of the cab, you open the door, and a bike guy smashes into the car door? And then he gets an attitude? "Hey man, that's my space!" "No it isn't, that's the space for the fucking door to open, asshole!" They got their little spandex pants on, their little gloves, and they're ridin' around. "I have the right to ride my bike right in the middle of traffic. I have my little whistle, TWEET TWEET..." "I have a horn, HONK HONK, you're dead!" And you roller bladin' assholes, lock and load. Lock and load. With your pink spandex, and your headphones on, dancing, doing the hustle in the middle of traffic... Make up your mind, dance or drive, okay asshole? Just make up a decision. Fuck... I don't get it, you know? Why don't you just put on clown pants and ride a unicycle down Fifth Avenue-- "Hey, look at me!" Parasail down Broadway, "Look at me! I have the right to do this!" "No you don't! SNIP, SNIP! Happy now?"
...

******* This Lyrics is NOT for Commercial use *******